# How do you create a horizontal stack of views in SwiftUI?

In SwiftUI, you can create a horizontal stack of views using the `HStack` view. Here's how:

**What is `HStack`?**

`HStack` is a view in SwiftUI that stacks its child views horizontally. It's a shorthand for "Horizontal Stack".

**How to use `HStack`**

To use `HStack`, simply wrap the views you want to stack horizontally in an `HStack` view:
```swift
HStack {
    View1()
    View2()
    View3()
}
```
In this example, `View1`, `View2`, and `View3` will be stacked horizontally.

**Customizing `HStack`**

You can customize the `HStack` view by using various modifiers, such as:

* `spacing`: sets the spacing between the child views
* `alignment`: sets the vertical alignment of the child views
* `padding`: adds padding to the `HStack` view

Here's an example:
```swift
HStack(spacing: 10) {
    View1()
    View2()
    View3()
}
.padding(.horizontal, 20)
```
In this example, the `HStack` view has a spacing of 10 points between the child views, and a horizontal padding of 20 points.

**Example: Creating a horizontal stack of buttons**

Here's an example of creating a horizontal stack of buttons:
```swift
HStack {
    Button("Button 1") {}
    Button("Button 2") {}
    Button("Button 3") {}
}
```
This will create a horizontal stack of three buttons.

**Example: Creating a horizontal stack of images**

Here's an example of creating a horizontal stack of images:
```swift
HStack {
    Image("image1")
    Image("image2")
    Image("image3")
}
```
This will create a horizontal stack of three images.

**Tips and Variations**

Here are some tips and variations to keep in mind:

* You can use `HStack` with any type of view, not just buttons or images.
* You can nest `HStack` views to create more complex layouts.
* You can use `HStack` with other layout views, such as `VStack` or `ZStack`, to create more complex layouts.
* You can use `HStack` with modifiers, such as `frame` or `background`, to customize the appearance of the stack.

By using `HStack`, you can create horizontal stacks of views in SwiftUI with ease